Add Block-Strided RMA Operations (#448)
openshmem-org/specification: content/shmem_ibput.tex

\end{Csynopsis}
where \TYPE{} is one of the standard \ac{RMA} types and has a corresponding \TYPENAME{} specified by Table \ref{stdrmatypes}.

\begin{CsynopsisCol}
void @\FuncDecl{shmem\_ibput\FuncParam{SIZE}}@(void *dest, const void *source, ptrdiff_t dst, ptrdiff_t sst, size_t bsize, size_t nblocks, int pe);
void @\FuncDecl{shmem\_ctx\_ibput\FuncParam{SIZE}}@(shmem_ctx_t ctx, void *dest, const void *source, ptrdiff_t dst, ptrdiff_t sst, size_t bsize, size_t nblocks, int pe);
\end{CsynopsisCol}
where \SIZE{} is one of \CONST{8, 16, 32, 64, 128}.

\begin{apiarguments}
    \apiargument{IN}{ctx}{A context handle specifying the context on which to perform the operation.
        When this argument is not provided, the operation is performed on
        the default context.}
    \apiargument{OUT}{dest}{Symmetric address of the destination array data object.
        The type of \dest{} should match that implied in the SYNOPSIS section.}
    \apiargument{IN}{source}{Local address of the array containing the data to be copied.
        The type of \source{} should match that implied in the SYNOPSIS section.}

>     \apiargument{IN}{dst}{The stride between consecutive elements of the \dest{}
>         array. The stride must be greater than or equal to \CONST{1} and is
>         scaled by the element size of the \dest{} array. A value of \CONST{1}
>         indicates contiguous data.}

Author: ```suggestion
    \apiargument{IN}{dst}{The stride between consecutive blocks of the \dest{}
        array. The stride must be greater than or equal to \ARG{bsize} and is
        scaled by the element size of the \dest{} array. A value of \ARG{bsize}
        indicates contiguous data.}
```

>     \apiargument{IN}{sst}{The stride between consecutive elements of the \source{}
>         array. The stride must be greater than or equal to \CONST{1} and is
>         scaled by the element size of the \source{} array. A value of \CONST{1}
>         indicates contiguous data.}

Author: ```suggestion
    \apiargument{IN}{sst}{The stride between consecutive blocks of the \source{}
        array. The stride must be greater than or equal to \CONST{bsize} and is
        scaled by the element size of the \source{} array. A value of \CONST{bsize}
        indicates contiguous data.}
```

>     \apiargument{IN}{bsize}{Number of elements per block in the \dest{} and \source{}

Author: @minsii Suggested bsize -> nelem

Author: iput/iget already have an nelems argument

        arrays.}

>     \apiargument{IN}{nblocks}{Number of blocks in the \dest{} and \source{}
>         arrays.}

Author: ```suggestion
    \apiargument{IN}{nblocks}{Number of blocks to be copied from the \source{} array to the \dest{}
        array.}
```

    \apiargument{IN}{pe}{\ac{PE} number of the remote \ac{PE}.}
\end{apiarguments}

\apidescription{

>     The \FUNC{shmem\_ibput} routines provide a method  for  copying strided data

Author: First sentence is awkward (ibput and ibget). Updated here and in iput/iget.

>     elements (specified by \VAR{sst}) of an array from a \source{} array on the

Author: ```suggestion
    blocks (specified by \VAR{sst}) of an array from a \source{} array on the
```
